doc improvement: Gazell restructure (#6482)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_gzll.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

> To minimize the power consumption of the power-sensitive peripheral devices, Gazell uses the central hub (Host side) with its more relaxed power constraints to keep the link open while the peripheral devices can sleep and save on power consumption.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to make this part more definition-like?
`Gazell Link Layer minimizes the power consumption of the power-sensitive peripheral devices. Gazell uses the central hub (Host side)...`
I mean, to introduce what the Link Layer is at the start of the page...

Author: Yes, I agree and I have implemented your suggestion.
Let me know if anything else should be done for this part.

A typical example of this is a wireless mouse communicating with a USB dongle that is inserted into a computer.

Gazell provides a switching and synchronization scheme that reduces interference and provides wireless coexistence features, enabling high throughput and low latency.

Features
********

Gazell Link Layer provides the following features:

> * Support for star network topology with one Host and up to eight Devices.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to add a link to Gazell modes here, where the star network is described?
Also, there, the introduction in lines 75-78 reads like bullet points. Would it make sense to describe first what Gazell modes are, how many are available, which are supported, and so on?

Author: Regarding Q1, yes I think that might be a good idea.
Q2, I have re-written lines 75-78 so that they are more complete sentences, rather than like bullet point.
Q3. Do you mean that in the Gazell modes section, starting on line 75, there should be more information about what Gazell modes are, etc., or should that information be described here in the Features section?

Author: Q3 refers to THAT section...

* Capability to control the RF front-end module.
* Generates transmission statistics for each RF channel.

> * Several different networks (see `Gazell network`_).

Reviewer 2: Do not think supporting several networks is intended in the design of nRF24L01. The two ESB base addresses are for 'pairing' and 'normal' data transfers. It is a star network.

How about removing this clause? Keep it low profile.

Author: Okay, I agree. If it is something that is not intended then it should not be mentioned. 

Does this mean that the entire section should be removed? Or just remove this line. @leewkb4567

Reviewer 2: Just the line on several networks. Not the entire section. Thanks.

Author: Okay, will do. Thank you!

.. _ug_gzll_resources:

Resources required
******************

> Gazell uses a fixed set of peripheral resources in the nRF5 SoC.

Reviewer: According to this page, `nRF5` is not allowed as a term in out docs: https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/MAR/Product+names

Author: Okay, will fix this. Will ask about this first.

Author: E.g., ...in the SoCs of the nRF52 Series (confirm this)

To avoid blocking Gazell operations, applications can run at priority level 2 or higher.

You can customize Gazell at runtime for a range of different applications.
See the :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll` and :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll_api` for a list of configuration functions as well as the default and constant parameters.

.. note::

   Editing the header file containing the default and constant parameters does not change their value when compiling a new project.
   These values are provided as a useful reference when making an application with the precompiled library.

Gazell modes
************

> Gazell has the following two modes available:

Reviewer 3: Shall we change as suggested in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/6482/files#r819271065?
```suggestion
Gazell has the following two roles available:
```

Author: Yes, I agree. I will apply this change throughout, wherever it is applicable.

* Device: an initiator mode, where the Device transmits packets periodically.
* Host: a listening mode, where the Host works mainly as a receiver and only transmits ACK packets back to the Device.
  The ACK packets can optionally carry payload (enabling duplex communication).

One application can only work in a single Gazell mode at a time.
However, the mode can be switched in runtime.

> 

Reviewer 3: Why not a single blank line?

A member of a Gazell star network is either a Host or Device, and up to eight Devices can communicate with a single Host.
Each Host can communicate with up to eight Devices, and each Device communicates to a single Host.

> A member of a Gazell star network is either a Host or Device, and up to eight Devices can communicate with a single Host.

Reviewer 3: Are this and the following line duplicated?

Author: Yes. Thank you for catching this!

To avoid blocking Gazell operations, applications can run at priority level 2 or higher.

You can customize Gazell at runtime for a range of different applications.
See the :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll` and :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll_api` for a list of configuration functions as well as the default and constant parameters.

.. note::

   Editing the header file containing the default and constant parameters does not change their value when compiling a new project.
   These values are provided as a useful reference when making an application with the precompiled library.

Gazell modes
************

> .. DRAFT!! Version 1:

Reviewer 4: I believe you will remove these DRAFT thingies.

You can customize Gazell at runtime for a range of different applications.
See the :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll` and :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll_api` for a list of configuration functions as well as the default and constant parameters.

.. note::

   Editing the header file containing the default and constant parameters does not change their value when compiling a new project.
   These values are provided as a useful reference when making an application with the precompiled library.

Gazell modes
************

Gazell has the following two modes available:

* Device: an initiator mode, where the Device transmits packets periodically.
* Host: a listening mode, where the Host works mainly as a receiver and only transmits ACK packets back to the Device.
  The ACK packets can optionally carry payload (enabling duplex communication).

One application can only work in a single Gazelle mode at a time.
However, the mode can be switched in runtime.

A member of a Gazell star network is either a Host or Device, and up to eight Devices can communicate with a single Host.
Each Host can communicate with up to eight Devices, and each Device communicates to a single Host.

.. DRAFT!! Version 2:

> >>>>>>> 649cb123d (doc improvement: Gazell)

Reviewer 4: Something must have gone wrong with the rebase (fixup) as you still have these >>> chars. And the DRAFT thing.

To avoid blocking Gazell operations, applications can run at priority level 2 or higher.

You can customize Gazell at runtime for a range of different applications.
See the :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll` and :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll_api` for a list of configuration functions as well as the default and constant parameters.

.. note:

>    Editing the header file containing the default and constant parameters does not change their value when compiling a new project.

Author: Not sure what this is, and if it belongs here? If it does, let me know because now it is a comment in the .rst file and not visible in the html-build.

Reviewer 4: If the note is needed, you at least need to have another colon after the word "note" -> .. note::

> Gazell modes

Reviewer 3: Essentially the Gazell protocol is asymmetrical and has 2 modes: host (listening node) and device (transmitting node). It can run in mode at a time, and the mode can be changed in runtime. I don't know if anything more can be written here.

> Gazell modes

Author: Okay, I will add this. Thank you @grochu!

> Gazell modes

Reviewer 2: The statement "Each Device communicates to a single Host" appears in the star network paragraph. As shown in the figure, it is valid.

The statement "a single Device can speak to several Hosts" appears in the "more sophisticated Gazell networks" paragraph. Such a configuration is not a star network. This scenario is a possibility rather than a common usage. Supporting 2 ESB base addresses, a Gazell Device can speak to at least 2 Hosts since nRF24L01 days. For 3 or most Hosts, some Hosts need to use the same base address and different prefix byte. It boils down to the MultiCeiver design in nRF24L01.

The nRF5 SDK GZLL user guide puts the focus on star network. It is up to the interested user to explore other possibilities.

I agree that the 'Gazell modes' is confusing. In nRFGo SDK, they call it 'roles'. See following section:

**Roles in a Gazell star network**
In a simple Gazell star network we have two static roles: Host and Device.

The term 'mode' may come from the GZLL API. There the user input a 'mode' to nrf_gzll_init() function to select the 'role'.

https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrfxlib/gzll/doc/api.html#c.nrf_gzll_mode_t

How about modifying the paragraph header to 'Gazell network'?

> Gazell modes

Reviewer 3: Thanks @leewkb4567 for the comprehensive response. Then I agree the statements I questioned are OK as long as they are used within the context of a subsection (the "star network" part and the "more sophisticated... part respectively").
I agree "_role_" is probably a better term than "_mode_"

> Gazell modes

Author: I agree, and have made this change throughout the documentation.

> To set up a Gazell application, do the following:

Reviewer: Shouldn't this `complete the following steps` be a step-based procedure?
Also, would it make sense to split this section into two sections, one for Host, one for Device, given the optional steps for each in the procedure?
Finally, would it make sense to detach disabling scenario from the setup scenario?

Author: Okay I have implemented these changes.

You need to add payloads to the transmit (TX) FIFOs and read payloads from the receive (RX) FIFOs.
Gazell automatically notifies the application when a packet is received.

To set up a Gazell application, complete the following steps:

1. Initialize Gazell Link Layer glue code using :c:func:`gzll_glue_init()`.
#. Initialize Gazell using :c:func:`nrf_gzll_init()` and choose either Host or Device.
#. Reconfigure Gazell's default parameters.

>    At a minimum, reconfigure the addresses and channels to avoid interfering with other Gazell networks.

Reviewer 4: In the cases with additional info to a step, I would rather add an empty line so that the additional info is shown on a separate line between steps.

#. Enable Gazell using :c:func:`nrf_gzll_enable()`.
#. Continue to either `Setting up a Device`_ to set up a Device, or `Setting up a Host`_ to setup a Host.

Setting up a Device
===================

> If the node is a Device, start sending by completing the following steps:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the node is a Device, complete the following steps to start sending:
```

1. Add payloads to the TX FIFO using :c:func:`nrf_gzll_add_packet_to_tx_fifo()`.
#. Handle the returned ACK packet when the :c:func:`nrf_gzll_device_tx_success()` callback is called.

>    Fetch the payloads from the RX FIFO using :c:func:`nrf_gzll_fetch_packet_from_rx_fifo()`.

Reviewer 4: Same thing as above with the additional info to the step.

#. Handle the failed packet transmissions when the :c:func:`nrf_gzll_device_tx_failed()` callback is called.
   Failed packets are automatically removed from the TX FIFO.

Setting up a Host
=================

> If the node is a Host, start listening by completing the following steps:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the node is a Host, complete the following steps to start listening:
```

You need to add payloads to the transmit (TX) FIFOs and read payloads from the receive (RX) FIFOs.
Gazell automatically notifies the application when a packet is received.

To set up a Gazell application, complete the following steps:

1. Initialize Gazell Link Layer glue code using :c:func:`gzll_glue_init()`.
#. Initialize Gazell using :c:func:`nrf_gzll_init()` and choose either Host or Device.
#. Reconfigure Gazell's default parameters.
   At a minimum, reconfigure the addresses and channels to avoid interfering with other Gazell networks.
#. Enable Gazell using :c:func:`nrf_gzll_enable()`.
#. Continue to either `Setting up a Device`_ to set up a Device, or `Setting up a Host`_ to setup a Host.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer 4: This comes from the unsuccessful rebase as well.

Author: Ah okay, I will clean this up and double-check this before re-pushing.

Each pipe maps to one on-air address used when transmitting or receiving packets.

The on-air addresses are composed of a 2-4 bytes long "base address" in addition to a 1-byte prefix address.

> The nRF52 Series' radio uses an alternating sequence of 0s and 1s as the preamble of the packet.

Author: I agree, this would be better. Will implement this :)

On-air, the most significant bit of each address byte is transmitted first.
The most significant byte of the four bytes long base address is the first transmitted address byte, while the prefix byte is transmitted last.

.. note::

   The byte order in Gazell and the nRF52 Series radio peripheral are not the same.

>    This is because the address bytes are rearranged in Gazell to match the nRF24L Series radios.

Author: Okay, will do and check with @grochu which one is applicable.

>    This is because the address bytes are rearranged in Gazell to match the nRF24L Series radios.

Author: Confirmed that it is best to say `nRF24L IC`. 
However, nRF24LE and nRF24LU are compatible with Gazell, while nRF24LA supports only ANT.

* 504 us timeslot period, nRF52 Series Gazell Device to nRF24L Series Gazell Host.

When using 504 us timeslot period, the following restrictions apply:

* The maximum payload size is 17 bytes.
* The maximum ACK payload size is 10 bytes.

In addition, the relation between the Device and Host timing parameters should be as follows:

* The Host listens to each channel in a GZLL_RX_PERIOD number of microseconds, where GZLL_RX_PERIOD is the heartbeat interval in the nRF24L Series devices.
* The Host GZLL_RX_PERIOD must be greater than the time required to make two full transmission attempts on the Device (including ACK wait time).

Depending on your project, do one of the following:

* Edit the :file:`gzll_params.h` file used in the nRF24L Series projects.
* Use the :c:func:`nrf_gzll_set_timeslot_period()` function in the nRF52 Series projects (nRF52 Series Gazell timeslot period = 0.5*GZLL_RX_PERIOD).

Emulating legacy Gazell modes
=============================

The Gazell Link Layer protocol for the nRF52 Series is compatible with the most useful modes of the Gazell Link Layer for the nRF24L Series devices.

> Emulating legacy nRF24L Series Gazell Device mode 2 and nRF24L Series Host mode 0

Reviewer 4: Do we need to repeat nRF24L Series? The heading is already long without.

Author: That is a good point. I will remove the device name/ or re-write so that it is only written once.
